[DOCS-8873] Guide about deobfuscating stack traces in RUM (#25351)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/troubleshooting/ios.md

* implement `URLSessionDataDelegate` and forward:
  * [`urlSession(_:dataTask:didReceive:)`][6]

## "Deobfuscation failed" warning

> A warning appears when deobfuscation fails for a stack trace. If the stack trace is not obfuscated to begin with, you can ignore this warning. Otherwise, use the [RUM Debug Symbols page][7] to view all your uploaded dSYMs. See [Investigate Obfuscated Stack Traces with RUM Debug Symbols][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A warning appears when symbolication fails for a stack trace. If the stack trace is not symbolicated to begin with, you can ignore this warning. Otherwise, use the [RUM Debug Symbols page][7] to view all your uploaded dSYMs. See [Investigate Obfuscated Stack Traces with RUM Debug Symbols][8].
```

As this page is specific to iOS, we should use the appropriate wording:

Variant | File name | Action verb
-- | -- | --
Generic | Debug symbols | Obfuscate, Deobfuscate
iOS | dSYM | Symbolicate, Desymbolicate
Android | Mapping files | –
JS, React Native | Source maps | –
Flutter | Symbol files | –

> A warning appears when symbolication fails for a stack trace. If the stack trace is not symbolicated to begin with, you can ignore this warning. Otherwise, use the [RUM Debug Symbols page][7] to view all your uploaded dSYMs. See [Investigate Obfuscated Stack Traces with RUM Debug Symbols][8].

Reviewer 2: Just confirming that we are intentionally using `symbolication` instead of `deobfuscation` here, feel free to disregard the comment if we are!

```suggestion
A warning appears when deobfuscation fails for a stack trace. If the stack trace is not deobfuscation to begin with, you can ignore this warning. Otherwise, use the [RUM Debug Symbols page][7] to view all your uploaded dSYMs. See [Investigate Obfuscated Stack Traces with RUM Debug Symbols][8].
```

> A warning appears when symbolication fails for a stack trace. If the stack trace is not symbolicated to begin with, you can ignore this warning. Otherwise, use the [RUM Debug Symbols page][7] to view all your uploaded dSYMs. See [Investigate Obfuscated Stack Traces with RUM Debug Symbols][8].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A warning appears when deobfuscation fails for a stack trace. If the stack trace is not deobfuscated to begin with, you can ignore this warning. Otherwise, use the [RUM Debug Symbols page][7] to view all your uploaded dSYMs. See [Investigate Obfuscated Stack Traces with RUM Debug Symbols][8].
```
